wrong right out the gate Reginald your
team on the other hand is coming off of
two back-to-back losses here which is
actually the first time that that's
happened to your team this year so only
speaks to the success of the team but
does mean or does beg the question how
is the team dealing with kind of falling
into a rut especially coming into a big
game against Team Liquid yeah so right
now we're not too concerned with losses
primarily because we're trying a lot of
new things in scrims you know we're
pretty much splitting how far screams
with Keith halfer screams of turtle and
we're just trying to figure out the
final roster we want and so these losses
are expected because we've already
secure their spot in the gauntlet or PI
offs essentially we're a lot more open
to trying a bunch of neat things and
just trying you know multiple types of
communication because we have nothing to
lose you know playoffs is really all it
matters and because we took first la
split we're in a really good position to
go to Worlds essentially so we have a
lot more room to you know try new things
you just try new comps just really um
use LCS like practice whereas teams like
team liquid have a very low chance of
even going world LTS matches awesome
well Lexi let's explore a little bit why
that is you know having a hand in the
success of your team's is the support
staff that you guys have built I know
you know behind all these players there
is quite a support staff and both of
these teams are kind of at the forefront
of building a lot of structure so as
owners what do you guys look for as
traits in support and coaching staff in
order to help build your players up give
them the best chance of success you know
for us it's it's mainly work ethic and
aptitude we have our head coach we've
got our assistant coach we have a
live-in analyst we have position
analysts we have someone that takes all
the data and then creates graphs and
charts so that they can disseminate that
information the team and actually has
like an impact on their performance so
it's kind of everybody working together
putting in the time watching the matches
compiling the data for our coaches it's
you know it's a little bit of
assertiveness that's understanding the
game it's scouting other regions it's
coming up with
opinion its delivery to to the teen it's
just a lot of different things so so
yeah that's what I look for Reginald do
you as an owner take take cues from any
other organizations around the world in
terms of how you've structured your
management and your support staff yeah
so I mean we're always looking to
improve our coaching staff you know
whether it be an NA team European team
or Korean teams our coaching staff
always talks to other coaches you know
especially I think loko doko has a
really good relationship with Peter from
TL he's always talking to Korean coaches
and even fanatics coach and forgot his
name but our token fee Adele or he are
crucial step is always talking to other
coaching staffs because we know that we
are we aren't the best and we're always
trying to you know improve and learn
from other teams and you have to really
come in with that mindset in order to
improve you know you're you're never
perfect it so that's that's why I really
like about my coaching staff is they're
always trying to better themselves and
they're always trying to you know look
for new information and just knew like
different methods in order to make a
better team so our team is really hard
working and so far we've done an okay
job this split but hopefully when we get
into playoffs we will do better now
Steve you are an owner who has had a
hand in the success of multiple
organizations with you know gravity now
at the forefront of the na LCS you
started as curse Academy but liquid is
well finishing third last split on track
to make the playoffs and fight for those
top spots does it give you a sense of
pride as an owner to know that you've
had this much success so far in such a
young industry I mean absolutely of
course it's um you know I I took the
approach maybe three years ago to have
challenger teams put pressure on the
main team I've been able to kind of
coach and mentor a lot of these athletes
over time to see them do so well in LCS
is awesome Davis is an amazing owner you
made some good decisions with moving cop
to coach that's something that he
expressed while he was on curse Academy
so love to see that he's doing so well
in that role oh yeah definitely a lot of
success coming out of that organization
now enough of my questions we are going
to jump over to the questions they're
going to get a little bit tougher here
double down bonus round earlier in the
show we asked our viewers to send us
some of your questions so that we could
ask
you from Twitter we'll start with ad
David King Kai who asks what has been
the top war what have been the toughest
things about owning any sports team
Reginald we'll start with you um I mean
there there's so many things that have
been tough for me primarily because i
started my team at such a young age it
was always trial and error and learning
learning things on the fly and making
sure that i didn't make enough mistakes
in orchha like you know run my
organization down the ground but i think
the the hardest part really is um
benching a player once primarily because
I came from a player and we had really
deep emotional ties with pliers and so
it's really hard when you have to tell
someone like hey you know how you're
performing just isn't this isn't cutting
it I think that's really the hardest
part primarily because you know we're
spending like 10 to 12 hours with every
single player every day and at that
point we're more than just you know
co-workers we're friends and so it
that's just definitely the hardest part
of owning a team I'm sure you can
sympathize with absolutely that same
issue yeah absolutely i mean benching a
player is always tough i mean it's it's
it's never like a knowing absolutely
what the right thing is to do you're
always saying it might be the right case
to do this as we saw with like the bunny
and a special kind of situation you know
it's it's it's tough it also consumes
you you know for me it I haven't had a
personal life and probably three years
ago or any social life but it's it's a
lot of work and it's a lot of work for
the players to you know everybody's kind
of all in with these sports yea though
we know that for sure there's a lot is a
huge time commitment to be in the
professional eSports scene you know next
up we have at Shane Reyes who wants to
know if you could take one player from
the opposite team who would it be and
why we're gonna start over with you
Steve um I don't think we need anybody
to them
yeah confidence that both of you were
showing at the beginning of the segment
I feel like you guys are good with your
squads the same sentiment with the
originally and that's what that's what
you said last plate when you're taking
special i mean like you know so it's a
so I don't know you're saying Steve but
I mean right now for TSM I think that we
are having problems in terms of
communication side of things versus a
player said you know like a mechanical
versus a higher performance so we don't
need to change out any pires right now
and especially we don't need any players
from TL of course enough pipe has been
built now around this match I want to
get get into with our fans so again
gentlemen both of you thank you very
much for taking the time to speak with
me here best of luck to the teams in
this matchup it will be an exciting one
and thanks of course to all of you the
fans who submitted questions but now
we're going to send it over to our
casters for the game on the way we'll
take a closer look